README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: updated readme file and resolved build issues

README.md, after:

# Project Gutenberg Explorer - Frontend

This is the frontend of the Project Gutenberg Explorer, a web application that allows users to explore and analyze e-books from Project Gutenberg. The app is built with **Next.js** and styled using **Tailwind CSS**.

## 🚀 Live Site Link

#### [https://gutenberg-explorer-frontend.vercel.app/](https://gutenberg-explorer-frontend.vercel.app/)

## 🚀 Features

- **Input Field**: Enter a Project Gutenberg book ID to fetch and display the book's content.
- **Text Analysis**: Perform key character extraction, language detection, sentiment analysis, and generate summaries.
- **Design**: Styled with Tailwind CSS for a clean and modern look.

## 📦 Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: A React framework for building fast and scalable web applications.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for styling.
- **Fetch API**: Used to make requests to the backend for text analysis.

## 🛠️ Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/asif-ae/project-gutenberg-frontend.git
   cd project-gutenberg-frontend
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the Development Server:**

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Open in Browser: Visit http://localhost:3000 to see the application in action.**
